GENERAL
⦁	Colour update: all the blacks should be changed to #1F1F1F
⦁	Colour update: hover elements should change to #003B73
⦁	Font update: change to ‘Inter’ (with the current font as a backup) to be found here => https://rsms.me/inter/
HOME SCREEN
⦁	I love the home screen, looks super clean!
⦁	Logo update: change “ATC Ready” for the actual logo (see attachment). Doesn’t have to be much bigger than the current size
⦁	Love the explanation one-liner
⦁	But add more in-depth explanation in the form of a question mark icon in a circle next to the simple explanation which shows more info when clicked (or hovered on pc). It should say:
About this exercise
You’ll practice giving traffic information in the standard format:
Traffic, [clock position], [distance], [direction], [level], [other information]
How to proceed:
⦁	A radar scenario will be shown.
⦁	Analyse the traffic and state the information out loud.
⦁	Compare with the model answer and self-assess.
Example:
“Traffic, 10 o’clock, 4 miles, crossing left to right, 1000 feet above, A320”
⦁	The in-depth explanation icon hover colour should be #5E6C84
⦁	Good background colour
⦁	Love that the button matches the styling of my website
⦁	Love the way the settings button works
⦁	Change settings button to the common gear, its purpose will be clearer
⦁	Change settings button hover colour to #5E6C84
SETTINGS
⦁	Small tweak: when clicking outside the settings menu, close the menu (without having to press the “x” button
⦁	The blurring of the background is a nice touch!
⦁	Colour update: change the blue selected colour of the selected general and statistics tabs to: #003B73
⦁	What happens exactly when unticking the “save progress” button? It still seems to add up in the statistics tab
⦁	Change “save progress” button colour to: #4BA3C7
Statistics tab
⦁	Change “last played” date to “X days ago”
⦁	What exactly does “completion rate” track?
⦁	Love the total sessions, exercises completed and average score counters!
⦁	Still thinking about the relevance of the “best session” counter
EXERCISES
⦁	Labels still overlap other aircraft
⦁	Settings button shows a blue dot and when I click it it’s not clear what it means
⦁	 The label lines coming from the aircraft are currently on top of the square of the aircraft => Change it so that the square is on top of the line
⦁	Small tweak: label lines should point to halfway the length of the callsign (so not the beginning of the rectangle of the label), check the Figma example if the explanation is unclear.
⦁	Remove the label background colour, just text is okay
⦁	Add hover effect to ‘Show Answer’ button with colour ##003B73
⦁	The size of the history dots is great!
⦁	Small tweak: place the history dots about 2 to 3 pixels further from the square so it doesn’t seem to merge together
⦁	Change colour of target aircraft to white
⦁	Change opacity of background rings indicating the distances to be more visible (same as the ‘3NM’, ‘6NM’, ‘9NM’ text), it’s a bit hard to see right now
⦁	Descending through level should actually descend through the level. If descending level = current level of the target -> 1000 feet below (sometimes it is correct!)
EXERCISE SCREEN
⦁	Add a button below ‘Show Answer’ that says ‘Next Exercise’ in order to skip an exercise
⦁	Change target aircraft colour to white
CALLSIGNS
⦁	If intruder is a VFR, then they have a 10% chance of being military. ONLY the intruder can be military (never the target)
⦁	Please check the callsign generation code in my version as it works exactly as I want it to. It starts from line 65 in generation.js. There are a number of things that aren’t correct in the current version (such as VFR callsigns containing numbers, a lot of aircraft being military, etc.)
⦁	I’m adding a separate word file trying to explain in words what I mean but the best reference is in my code. If you would like more information, let’s arrange a quick call.
AIRCRAFT TYPES
⦁	Add a button below ‘Show Answer’ that says ‘Next Exercise’ in order to skip an exercise
⦁	Aircraft types are based on the type of flight, similar to the callsigns
⦁	VFR => Only use vfr aircraft types (there’s a list in data.js)
⦁	IFR => Only use IFR aircraft types
⦁	Military => Only use military aircraft types
FUNCTIONALITY
⦁	When intruder is climbing or descending through the level of the target, include it in the solution
⦁	=> “… 1000 feet above, descending through your level, …”
⦁	=> “… 1000 feet below, climbing through your level, …”
⦁	Well done on the solutions!! The situations are all working and clear, that’s the most important part done!
ANSWER BUTTONS
⦁	Clicking ‘Again’ should literally load the same exercise again (aka, remove the solution text)
⦁	I like the buttons a lot!
⦁	When clicking ‘Show Answer’, I don’t want the layout to shift upwards. If possible, foresee a certain amount of space for the buttons before clicking show answer and the buttons after clicking it so that the radar screen is not pushed up.
⦁	‘Show Details’ button can be removed. I like the idea behind it, but that’s something that can be implemented in the future in a slightly different format.
⦁	The four colours should be changed to the following (with appropriate hover colours):
⦁	Green: #4CAF50
⦁	Yellow: #FFC107
⦁	Orange: #FF9800
⦁	Red: #F44336
